README.md, before:

# Tims.Avalonia.Samples
A collection of some sample Apps


----------

## Change Content based on Enum-Value

This sample shows how to change the content of a control based on an enum value. We use `IDataTemplate` to achieve this. 

[Source](src/ChangeContentBasedOnEnumSample)


-------- 

## Path Animation Sample

Shows how to animate a path dash array via `Style`

![](Img/PathAnimationSample.png)

[Source](src/PathAnimationSample)

-------- 

## Localization sample

This sample shows how you can use DynamicResource to translate the UI. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47110241/153450068-b60c3669-1898-4cbb-8e34-0bfa92f1b466.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47110241/153450147-02be74cd-e981-45ab-b1c4-0acc9646576c.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47110241/153450248-dc461b39-3634-48b5-b17d-6c15775013ad.png)


[Source](src/LocalizationSample)

[read more about it here](https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/5317972/Theming-and-Localization-Functionality-for-Multipl)

-------- 

## Animate fill level sample

We can't animate a progress bar value as it is a direct property, but we can animate the width or height of the progress bar. 

![AnimateFillLevelSample](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47110241/166155265-c9c794f1-a0d3-453a-9fad-9fae43bc4626.png)


[Source](src/AnimateFillLevelSample)

[read more about it here](https://docs.avaloniaui.net/docs/animations/transitions)

Commit message:

Moved a Sample to Avalonia.Samples

README.md, after:

# Tims.Avalonia.Samples
A collection of some sample Apps


----------

## Change Content based on Enum-Value

This sample was moved to a new location. Please visit: 
[[Avalonia.Samples]](https://github.com/AvaloniaUI/Avalonia.Samples/tree/main/src/Avalonia.Samples/DataTemplates/IDataTemplateSample)


-------- 

## Path Animation Sample

Shows how to animate a path dash array via `Style`

![](Img/PathAnimationSample.png)

[Source](src/PathAnimationSample)

-------- 

## Localization sample

This sample shows how you can use DynamicResource to translate the UI. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47110241/153450068-b60c3669-1898-4cbb-8e34-0bfa92f1b466.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47110241/153450147-02be74cd-e981-45ab-b1c4-0acc9646576c.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47110241/153450248-dc461b39-3634-48b5-b17d-6c15775013ad.png)


[Source](src/LocalizationSample)

[read more about it here](https://www.codeproject.com/Articles/5317972/Theming-and-Localization-Functionality-for-Multipl)

-------- 

## Animate fill level sample

We can't animate a progress bar value as it is a direct property, but we can animate the width or height of the progress bar. 

![AnimateFillLevelSample](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47110241/166155265-c9c794f1-a0d3-453a-9fad-9fae43bc4626.png)


[Source](src/AnimateFillLevelSample)

[read more about it here](https://docs.avaloniaui.net/docs/animations/transitions)
